{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 *Integrating Stripe: Three components\
\
Everything you need to run Stripe is available in the folder "StripeComplete".\
****
\i\b \ul Only
\i0\b0 \ulnone  edit. 
\i index.html.  purchase1-3.php. config.php.
\i0 \
\
If you want to
\i\b \ul  test
\i0\b0 \ulnone  Stripe payments on
\b \ul  your
\b0 \ulnone  mac. Please see the file "Running PHP on your webserver". Your PHP script can 
\i\b \ul only
\i0\b0 \ulnone  run on a server. i.e.) Through cPanel, or your own server.\
\
This is a brief explanation to the three components of stripe processing. \
\
1. The JS script: actions the Charge, it's the pretty aesthetics panel that appears when clicked. (simple script src written in index.html)\
\
2. We're using PHP to 
\b send
\b0  and 
\b store
\b0  created tokens. \
Tokens are needed for Stripe to charge the correct customer and product, they're specific ids created during purchase.\
\
3. You'll need your API key to receive money/ test transactions. It's specific to your account.\
They can be found here.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys}} \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 TEST. key
\b0 \
Use your
\i  test 
\i0 key to ensure your payments are being sent to Stripe. They'll appear in your dashboard.\
\
If you want to test cards (optional) USE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stripe.com/docs/testing"}}{\fldrslt https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards}}\
You will not need anything else from this page. Just the card numbers.\
\

\b LIVE. key
\b0 \
Simply switch out your 
\i test
\i0  key to a 
\i live 
\i0 key when you're ready to process actual payments. And don't forget to switch your account to 'Live' from Test in dashboard.\
\
\
Done..\
------------------------------------------\
\
Questions?\
Suggestions?\
Email me, I want to make this tutorial quicker and simpler: thisismint@icloud.com}