{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green66\blue66;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16920\viewh17320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Running a site locally with Apache and PHP for Apple iMac/macs:\
You'll be able to test and run PHP scripts using your iMac/mac as a web server.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 a. 
\i0 OSX 10.7x all have PHP and Apache preinstalled. \
If you would like to update PHP (for whatever reason): here's some friendly instructions. If you don't want to update your PHP. Just move on to part b.\
\

\i Open
\i0  Terminal.\
Type one of the following command lines from. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://php-osx.liip.ch/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://php-osx.liip.ch/}}\
\
That's it. You've now installed an updated version of PHP. \
*What's cURL.\
\
---------------------------------\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 b. 
\i0 Get your API test key.\
---------------------------------\
They can be found here.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys}} \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 TEST. key
\i0 \
Use your
\i  test 
\i0 key to ensure your payments are being sent to Stripe. They'll appear in your dashboard.\
\
If you want to test cards (optional) USE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stripe.com/docs/testing"}}{\fldrslt https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards}}\
You will not need anything else from this page. Just the card numbers.\
\

\i LIVE. key
\i0 \
Simply switch out your 
\i test
\i0  key to a 
\i live 
\i0 key when you're ready to process actual payments. And don't forget to switch your account to 'Live' from Test.\
\
Change out 
\i\b \ul all
\i0\b0 \ulnone  key: 'pk_test_NE0P0sXnEA5oHy4FItZ0XTGM'\
to 
\i\b \ul your
\b0 \ulnone  
\i0 key. 'pk_xxxxxxxxxxx..'\
\
---------------------------------\
Onward!! Actual instructions.\
---------------------------------\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 1. Navigate to.
\b0 \
System Preferences>Sharing\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Enable
\i0  Web Sharing.\

\i Open 
\i0 'Computer Website Folder'..\
\
Place your project folder/Drag into the 'Documents' folder. .\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 2. Now we're going to grant permissions to run your site locally. 
\b0 \
Run terminal.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Type
\i0 : chmod 777 (with your folder path.)\
ie.       chmod 777 (/Library/WebServer/Documents/YOURFOLDER)\
\
press: Enter/Rtn.\
\
If you can't find your folder path. \
Right click on your folder. \
Select: 'Get info' \
You'll be able to see the direct path under. 'Where' \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 3. Running your site.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 Open
\i0  Safari.\

\i Type
\i0  the file path into the URL address.\
ie. 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u55357 \u56589 
\f0\fs24 \cf0  localhost/YOURFOLDER/index.html\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Your site should now be running locally using Apache and PHP.
\b0 \
\
\

\b Arbitrary info, for learning, yay!
\b0 \
*What's cURL.\
cURL is a command that transfers data from a library to another host/(ie. your computer). \
like an email with an attachment you'll download.\
cURL is already preinstalled on your mac.. phewww..\
------------------------------------------\
\
Questions?\
Suggestions?\
Email me, I want to make this tutorial quicker and simpler: thisismint@icloud.com\
}